Case RAND_RAND1: failed
Case RAND_RAND2: passed
sCase RAND_RAND3: failed
Case RAND_RAND4: passed
sCase RAND_RAND5: failed
Case RAND_RAND6: passed
sCase RAND_RAND7: failed
Case RAND_RAND8: passed
sCase RAND_RAND9: failed
Case RAND_RAND10: passed
sCase RAND_RAND11: failed
Case RAND_RAND12: passed
sCase RAND_RAND13: failed
Case RAND_RAND14: passed
sCase RAND_RAND15: failed
Case RAND_RAND16: passed
sCase RAND_RAND17: failed
Case RAND_RAND18: passed
sCase RAND_RAND19: failed
Case RAND_RAND20: passed
sCase RAND_RAND1: failed
Case RAND_RAND2: passed
sCase RAND_RAND3: failed
Case RAND_RAND4: passed
sCase RAND_RAND5: failed
Case RAND_RAND6: passed
sCase RAND_RAND7: failed
Case RAND_RAND8: passed
sCase RAND_RAND9: failed
Case RAND_RAND10: passed
sCase RAND_RAND11: failed
Case RAND_RAND12: passed
sCase RAND_RAND13: failed
Case RAND_RAND14: passed
sCase RAND_RAND15: failed
Case RAND_RAND16: passed
sCase RAND_RAND17: failed
Case RAND_RAND18: passed
sCase RAND_RAND19: failed
Case RAND_RAND20: passed
sCase RAND_RAND1: failed
Case RAND_RAND2: passed
sCase RAND_RAND3: failed
Case RAND_RAND4: passed
sCase RAND_RAND5: failed
Case RAND_RAND6: passed
sCase RAND_RAND7: failed
Case RAND_RAND8: passed
sCase RAND_RAND9: failed
Case RAND_RAND10: passed
sCase RAND_RAND11: failed
Case RAND_RAND12: passed
sCase RAND_RAND13: failed
Case RAND_RAND14: passed
sCase RAND_RAND15: failed
Case RAND_RAND16: passed
sCase RAND_RAND17: failed
Case RAND_RAND18: passed
sCase RAND_RAND19: failed
Case RAND_RAND20: passed
s